So it for pre-planning which site is see this time
That is the introduction new cage because he was able
First of all, it is the contents of the pre-plan that we are holding now, but url is in the explanation column
Hony
I will write
This love
It entered 7 a
Zheng to be way out until June 4 year
Network Well, that's ... I'm like no, but yeah yeah
Understanding what you wish Rokuka I have ever created
A little long policy policy scoopy yeah yeah yeah saying that it is a pseudonym
It does not seem to be a pace of symbiosis well
j
So body 14jun positive Jurizuka
that is we play in a month after the land
It is the score of the weapon department played, the last two digits of the score
me
A 4 and you have a formula
Also when mapped twice struck Well lottery corrective
Tenkaichi Budokai of the intention of I'm teacher participation conditions Dan along with this what glory
Or whether it is a match
It is play, you will have to answer your expectations
So good links in the comment column so far throws away
I'm asking you to answer
Not immediately cause or management and is doing just
Speaking of games 3ds
Merged with video url and
a 4 format is established technology
Well, this is a festival, everyone this one
Um in a conventional expedition Te Toritani described
You are and so me of minute + buy side-by-side one after the other from the young number
Feel a little larger in accordance with the part to Yes sleep
I was being a little more here if you are
Say and aggregation will ask a child cooperation because it is easier
Fire is
It has your deepest Tanaka-san length who discarded returned Tsu 1 Tweet and Rio but blue
Hit the Band-Aid
10 times AzumaKuraSawa are in you can is enough Kure likely
Hmm
mature assets Thank you to the third party that has been arranged in the order of the earth Sake
I will
I button refers to the bird forward to me to check small gravel of
I'll come in and I'll come in
I went to Kuki
doing
Jack Robinson is
Made by or did not
me
Sem is a weapon that riders can join
Target arrows second place another
I need your help because you expect the father group
re
It is good to have Lou
Let's enter Mr. Yes yeah system administration
It's slow
Ayu-chan from the lake
I endured that 8 and the move came a
10 times tote in here a
Since I had a tail in front of the back one time, according to the part, the military commander has a huge answer .
You wish
Fork-san is not map-san is from this um
Please divide the area
Yes I do
Along the way to make a martial art
Here it is: the pre-machine store content has been held this time to the fact that
Yes it is here were made with it in new cage Kamogo introduce out to this new work
j 6
The secret of the poison bullet secret
Transfer face that eat battery
Well this one is hey
Is that had you trade from Tsu member's's
A scrapped car these days yes yeah
Good luck from that delicious bridge
Quite youtube work
I use this
I look forward to your success Yes
Here by say Maaetto
Cage face you Well I would like to introduce the
Who really is Hey winner
From about to hand in
Well I thought I was looking at it as a surprise
I thought that I would like to stop introducing it, but it's a bit of a feature.
Because Yes Yes number really matter when poor
Hey Is Hawaii made of that mouse
Good
I said that I raise again strong legs in the song problem that I have finished Hayami but
Distribution is like that
Tei
I made a protection by saying that a bad discharge can be better than Orica, but I took it to myself
Anyway, I made it with a special specification this time
It is like him off at properly such a feeling of anxiety please elite
In the character specification of fcf
I tried to make a start Well this time I 'm excited
Right
Speaking of sowing companies
I mean I'm alive ORIKASA Well masters
The first car in Hako-shi
Well Imai Imai
eme
Well watch akb Sano Tadashi videos
Well than anything
Saying I was not think Naa like but Mae
I am matured today or somehow motivated
There is no knife I do not usually do, but I think that I try to challenge a bit and break it
The
A little after all I tried doing my best to box
Yes, it does still nights that feeling of
Like this
Feeling like a flash is not good enough
It is feeling for the first time why it's like this, but I'll try to work a little more
I like this effect
I think if that can be done I say so
I feel like I 've returned to follow and this is yeah yeah
I guess you live crash type of crystal tone
Yes
Is this this is Crystal or this is that flame's guy Ise
So if this is a crystal tone, there is a Mick Shark with that ?
Yes one more
Such about this chan pattern is the most liked Ntte
Use with than are Well in my or rather finished clean
The
That's right I'm doing it
This time it is really a special specification key
It is two pieces from sum that 2 people are winners
I think I want to poop
The Diet yeah yeah yeah
It is a car with many new works Newly available for pre- planning possible
It was this introduction that still more yeah
May
There are up to 16 lessons and we look forward to your participation
Yes it has been a little longer but thank you for watching